UDP check for service stanza #12221 (#12722)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/discovery/checks.mdx

  It is possible to configure a custom TCP check timeout value by specifying the
  `timeout` field in the check definition.

> - `UDP + Interval` - These checks make the client send periodically UDP datagrams
>   to the specified IP/hostname and port, waiting `interval` amount of time 
>   between attempts (e.g. 30 seconds), if any response from the UDP server is 
>   received, the server is marked as healthy, 
>   any other case sets the status as `critical`.
>   By default, UDP checks will be configured with a request timeout of 10 seconds.
>   It is possible to configure a custom UDP check timeout value by specifying the
>   `timeout` field in the check definition. If any timeout on read exists, this will
>   still be considered healthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `UDP + Interval` - These checks direct the client to periodically send UDP datagrams
  to the specified IP/hostname and port. The duration specified in the `interval` field sets the amount of time 
  between attempts, such as `30s` to indicate 30 seconds. The check is logged as healthy if any response from the UDP server is received. Any other result sets the status to `critical`.
  The default interval for, UDP checks is `10s`, but you can configure a custom UDP check timeout value by specifying the
  `timeout` field in the check definition. If any timeout on read exists, the check is still considered healthy.
```
